---
categories: blog

title:  "Mispell: Literary Bimbofication"
date:   2019-03-31 20:00:00 +0100
author: Gardamuse
---

I've just released a new web app: [__Mispell__](/mispell/)! It makes use of natural language processing to add unnecessary words into, and misspell words in, any text of your choosing. Thus any text can be turned into something a bimbo might have written, or, since the added word mass and misspells slow down reading speed, make the reader feel more like how a bimbo might. A slider allows you to set the "target IQ" of the text which adjusts the frequency of inserted words and misspells.

The inspiration for this tool comes from [Bimbo at computer, bimbofication guide](https://www.deviantart.com/mimidumb/art/Bimbo-at-computer-bimbofication-guide-727964056) by DeviantArtist MimiDumb. There are some fun ideas there to experiment with.

There are still some edge cases that need to be fixed, and plenty of extra features I would like to add at some point. If I get the time. But let me know what you think about it and if there are any improvements you can come up with! In particular, let me know if you come up with any simple words that are good synonyms to more complicated ones.

#### Demonstration of Mispell
>I've jst released, like, a you nkow, new web ap: Mispel! It amks uis of actualy sorta um natural language procesin, like, to ad, like, unnecessary words into, anb misspell words in, any text of yu chosing. Thus any text can be, like, turned ino someding a bimbo might have written, or, since the aded word mass anb misspells slow down, like, reading, like, spid, make, like, de reader fie, like, more like how a bimbo might. A slider allows yah to set the "target IQ" of dee text which adjusts, like, the frequency of inserted words and mispels.
>
>De inspiration for ds tool comes from "Bimbo at computer, bimbofication guide" by Deviantartist Mimidumb. There are some fun dice the to experiment wih.
>
>Dere are, like, totally still some edge cases dat ene to be, like, fixed, anb plenty of totally sorta uh, extra features I'd like to add at some point. If I get de time. But let, like, me konw, like, wht u think about it and if de are, like, any improvements u can, like, come, like, up wid! In sorta paritucla, let me konw if ya come up with any totaly uh, simple words taht are, like, kinda god synonyms to mro complicated ones.
